If you check the lives of people at
comarcas the life of people with your
songs but it's mutual and if people do not
were my songs would not have
meaning to close this treasure that is
the treasure of the people of the public is a
treasure for you as an artist we choose
do it live
the chorus that kisses and is not a chorus
professional is not the gospel choir of
beginning of the program I am singing very
all right
they made from the foundation back
to start the song again
start a hymn and there to have people who
beat addictions fucked alcoholism
the bulimia drugs are waiting
will be a true managed only if you know
how they did it
with this abyss
new year
the steering wheel
as it corresponds thanks gaston thank you
gastón who is the pastor who one day
asked permission to give to take the
written of this song and everything that
Do good well do good to us
all if they are better we are all